[Autogenerated] the beauty of S s m is that we can set it up to run
an automate our workloads on a hybrid environment.
Now there are some key differences to know when you're trying
to configure this on your on prem servers compared to easy to
so on e c to the s s m agent,
which is what systems manager uses to connect to the resource is
and run commands is usually installed by default.
If you're using the public am is that Amazon provides.
Now you do have to enable and then start the agent.
It's not necessarily running right away.
But once you do that,
you also need to make sure that you're allowing interaction
with S S M from E C two via the I am role.
So the instance profile will need SSN permissions which
will look at in order to talk to S S m.
The key difference here on on premise servers is that the agent
is more than likely not installed by default,
which makes sense.
This is your home grown compute in internal resource
is as opposed to public cloud.
Now, To enable this, you need to install the A ws provided TLS cert.
And after you do that, you have to create a managed instantiate activation,
which will discuss your soon and receive an IDE and a code
that you use to configure your agent.
So after you have those prerequsites set up,
you install the agent and configure it with the IDE and the code
that you received from the previous steps.
Now I recommend if you're doing this,
that you create a VM template or maybe a boot script,
like a cloud in its script that automatically installs and
configures this agent upon server creation.
Now,
let's go ahead and start diving into some demos so we can get
some hands on experience with this service.
During these demos, we're going to do a few different things.
The first thing we're going to do is install and configure the s s M agent.
Now we'll do this on E.
C to utilizing, and I am role.
And then we'll mimic an on premise server which will live in easy to
but will treat it like it's an on Prem VM and will install and
configure the S S M agent on there as well.
So we can see the differences between E.
C two and on Prem.
And then lastly, we're going to create an inventory of our managed instances.
So we can view what's going on within our applications.
So let's go ahead in this clip here and in the next,
clips will start diving in to the console and the service in viewing how we can use it.